Mr. Lu is looking for me
Why what why
Why return to China?
Why accompany Cai Yaoyao
Why did you shoot Song Yuchuan with him?
Or do you want to know
Why would I help him block that blow?
Or
Why did I hold him tightly in my arms?
I don't mind if you tell me everything.
Mr. Lu is so curious
I don't know, I think
You have ulterior motives for my junior sister
What about you? I wish Galaxy
Did you tell him it wasn't unreasonable?
Three years ago.
For a better future
In the name of Hollywood directors
For the world to see
I left Jingzhou
Let him marry Song Yuchuan
This is the most painful part of my life
And you, Lu Xuan
You are his childhood
You stay by his side with your life of protection
But let him be in such a situation step by step
How dare you come and question me now
Why do you regret it?
One regret wants to erase everything
I'm back now Lu Xun
You don't have a chance.
Is it? Yes
How to relieve worries
Ah brother
Oh, dear.
Brother, are you alright?
I'll help you up, what's the hurry?
It's okay to sweat so much
How distressed my brother is when he sees it
There we go.
Hello please borrow
Yaoyao
Mr. Lu, I'm very busy right now
Busy delivering porridge and soup to other men, right?
If I want to talk to you about Song Yuchuan
What do you want to say?
That live broadcast marketing is limited.
He claimed to be the information
Now even with all the online abuse
It's definitely not evidence of murder
Then don't work hard
What if I had a way?